# Question 1:

Pick the appropriate data type for a variable in each of the following situations. 

Be as specific as possible. 

If the answer is an integer, pick int (if size isn’t important), or a specific fixed-width integer type (e.g. std::int16_t) based on range.

- The age of the user (in years) (assume the size of the type isn’t important)

- Whether the user wants the application to check for updates

---

# Question 2:

Write the following program: The user is asked to enter 2 floating point numbers (use doubles). 

The user is then asked to enter one of the following mathematical symbols: +, -, *, or /.

The program computes the answer on the two numbers the user entered and prints the results. 

If the user enters an invalid symbol, the program should print nothing.

Example of program:

Enter a double value: 6.2
Enter a double value: 5
Enter +, -, *, or /: *
6.2 * 5 is 31

---

# Question #3:

Extra credit: This one is a little more challenging.

Write a short program to simulate a ball being dropped off of a tower. 

To start, the user should be asked for the height of the tower in meters. 

Assume normal gravity (9.8 m/s2), and that the ball has no initial velocity (the ball is not moving to start). 

Have the program output the height of the ball above the ground after 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 seconds. 

The ball should not go underneath the ground (height 0).

Use a function to calculate the height of the ball after x seconds. 


The function can calculate how far the ball has fallen after x seconds using the following formula: distance fallen = gravity_constant * x_seconds2 / 2

Expected output:

Enter the height of the tower in meters: 100
At 0 seconds, the ball is at height: 100 meters
At 1 seconds, the ball is at height: 95.1 meters
At 2 seconds, the ball is at height: 80.4 meters
At 3 seconds, the ball is at height: 55.9 meters
At 4 seconds, the ball is at height: 21.6 meters
At 5 seconds, the ball is on the ground.